Add filtering docs, update privacy policy & terms of use (#90)
osu-tournament-rating/otr-docs: docs/Tools/Registrant Filtering.md

The Registrant Filtering tool allows tournament hosts to filter registrants based on certain criteria which we maintain.

## Filter Criteria

Filters can be applied against:

- Ruleset
- Minimum and maximum rating
- Peak rating

> - Tournaments played
> - Matches played

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Number of verified tournaments played
- Number of verified matches played
```

> We do not support filtering against osu! statistics, such as global rank, for these reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not support filtering against osu! statistics, such as global rank or badge count, for these reasons:
```

3. Supporting [BWS](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Tournaments/Badge-weighted_seeding) and other custom criteria significantly increases the complexity of the tool and goes beyond the scope of what we intend to offer.

Please use one of the publicly-available spreadsheet templates to support other custom filtering options. These spreadsheets typically allow you to enter your own osu! API key to do the data fetching yourself. See the [Community Resources](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2012941?n=1) osu! forum post for more information.

## Using the Tool

To use the tool, simply select the ruleset of your tournament, input your filter criteria, and paste a list containing the osu! IDs of all tournament registrants.

A report is then generated for review. Reports can be downloaded as a `.csv` file for import into a spreadsheet. The ID linked to the report can be looked up by anyone using our Filter Report tool.

## Notice to Tournament Hosts

You **must**:

1. Obtain written approval from [osu! support](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh) before using our tool in an [officially-supported](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Tournaments/Official_support) tournament.

> 2. Post the timestamp & filter report ID on your forum post. A one-line template is displayed after using the tool which may be copied into your forum post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Post the timestamp and filter report ID on your forum post. The tool will display a one-line template message which you may copy into the post directly.
```
